Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least, it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
I want you to join us, Guts!
Acting so friendly,
after you stabbed me...
What do you want?
To settle this with our swords...
All right...
I rather enjoy settling things by force...
Griffith!
No matter what,
I will have what I want.
I've had enough of
you acting so stuck up...
...it makes me sick!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
First Battle
Griffith!
He's something else...
I bet I could split
steel with this sword...
...but he easily evades each blow...
...and just uses one arm
to handle his narrow blade!
He's a great fighter!
I could suspend this duel until
you've recovered completely, if you like.
Shut up!
I'll win!
I'll definitely beat him!
Faster!
Stronger!
The kid is challenging Griffith
again, he didn't learn his lesson at all!
Kill him!
Corkus, stop it!
What?
It's Griffith's orders!
You must not bother them!
I will take this opportunity to kill him.
Move!
When did you
become a leader, Corkus?
Griffith's orders are absolute.
I've got him!
It's settled...
I like the way you fight.
You'll go to any length
to defeat your opponent.
However, you can't wield
your sword unless I move.
What do you say?
I wouldn't mind if
you'd rather we desist.
You talk too much, it's annoying.
Let me tell you something.
In a battle, your mouth...
...is to be used like this!
Griffith!
I've never seen Griffith
knocked to the ground like that!
Do you like the
taste of your own blood?
I bet you've never had
that fancy face beaten in!
He did it!
You struck me quite soundly...
But, this is the end.
Admit defeat gently, otherwise I'll be
forced to dislocate your shoulder joint...
It doesn't matter to me...
You bastard...
Way to go!
That's our Griffith!
Yeah, that's Griffith for you!
You really are the best.
You loser!
You look pathetic,
have you lost your nerve?
Griffith?
Now...
...you are mine.
Do you mean it?
He is a member of
the Hawks from now on.
Yeah!
It's so strange...
Griffith has never,
ever said such kind words...
...to anyone!
The Hawks have been nicknamed
the Grim Reaper on the Battlefield...
...since they are
seemingly invincible in battle...
We do not need to
worry ourselves about them...
...since they are a
subsidiary of the Midland army.
Besides, mercenaries
are merely cannon fodder.
But, what if they gain power
and earn the King's confidence?
We would face the loss of
our prestige, our honor and pride.
Indeed...
This is irritating!
I was beaten...
...completely!
It's almost a joke!
He...
...talks openly, and
smiles like some innocent kid...
But...
...he dislocated my shoulder
joint cleanly, without hesitation...
...just like plucking off a doll's arm...
Dammit!
Who the hell is he?
Are you serious
about killing him, Corkus?
Sheesh!
Don't chicken out at the last moment.
There are seven of us!
You said you didn't
like him either, right?
Don't forget, the kid killed Dan.
But, he's so strong and skilled.
On top of that, Griffith...
Don't worry.
We'll catch him off guard.
Plus, he's injured and
can't possibly lift his sword.
We'll convince
Griffith that the kid escaped...
...after we dump
his body in the woods.
This bunch will be no
problem compared to him...
Sam, you go first!
Again?
You never go first.
You better not do it.
C-Caska.
He is still far beyond
your skill, even injured.
I'll see about that.
Go back to your tent
like a good boy, Corkus.
Caska, why are you trying to save him?
Oh, I see.
You lay together for two nights...
No wonder you have
some feelings for him...
If you say anything
like that ever again...
...I'll chop your head off.
J-Just kidding...
I'm kidding.
Let's go.
It looks like I owe you two...
I should thank you at least.
You're mistaken...
I just acted on Griffith's orders.
Otherwise, I don't
give a damn about you.
I hope you drop dead in
battle as soon as you can.
On the hill, our opponents have their
headquarters manned by 2,000 soldiers.
Our mission is to burn the provisions
and other supplies stored behind the hill.
Theoretically, the enemy will fortify the
front of the hill in case of a night attack.
This is my strategy...
We'll march as if we're
making a detour along the river.
Then we'll attempt a surprise attack from
their rear, and when we accomplish that...
...we'll take the shortest route back
here, right through the midst of their forces!
Through the middle of the enemy?
Any reinforcements?
None!
They told me that they can't afford
to send us units for a night attack.
They're just a bunch of cowards.
The rear guard will be...
Guts...
I want you to do it.
You will help all of
your fellow soldiers escape...
...while containing
hundreds of enemy cavalrymen...
...on a straight
road through the woods.
Can you manage?
It's an order, isn't it?
It is.
Griffith is trying to put
the kid's skill to the test.
Poor guy, I doubt he'll
make it through in one piece.
He might try to sneak away.
That's not it!
Griffith wouldn't give him such
an important job just as a test...
Griffith truly counts on him.
Now I don't even
have to bother killing him.
We are marching in the river
rather than going alongside it.
Either way, the enemy won't predict...
...us making a surprise attack by
traveling up such a rapid stream...
In addition, this gale...
...will drown out
the noise of our march.
Then we're going to set the fire...
...from the windward side
when we attack from behind.
Every element has been
weighed carefully in his mind...
It's freezing.
Too bad we ended up as
sentries on such a creepy night.
Unlike us, even wolves
wouldn't go out tonight.
T-The enemy?
W-Why are they
coming from that direction?
E-Enemy raid!
An enemy raid?
Set the fires!
They set fire to the gunpowder!
Don't stop to play with them!
Break through in a single rush!
Move double file!
Clear out!
General!
It seems that the blaze approaching
headquarters is being fanned by the gale!
Damn!
Take the heavy cavalry to the front!
This is a disgrace to us knights,
sitting back after headquarters was...
...destroyed by mere mercenaries!
It's amazing!
I have never been part of
such an efficient raid before...
Now, it's my job to
take care of the rest!
Get out of here!
I-I will!
Follow me...
Come on, keep up!
Good job, Griffith.
They will probably be
stalled for at least a month...
I still have my duties to complete.
Excuse me.
Hey!
What an insolent attitude!
How much is the damage?
No big deal.
I see.
It's thanks to how
well our rear guard held out...
...the enemy could
hardly get close to us.
He handled a group of
heavy cavalrymen all by himself...
...even though it was on
a straight road in the woods.
He is really something.
Ricket!
Where is Guts?
He sent me on ahead.
I hope he's still alive.
It's time for me to go back...
Damn it!
I screwed up...
Griffith!
Grab my hand!
Retreat!
D-Don't get them away!
Why did you come back here?
Don't talk!
You'll bite your tongue!
This is no good!
They'll catch us because
we're double mounted!
Hang on!
We're almost to the edge of the woods!
Ready!
Disperse!
What?
Fire!
R-Retreat!
Retreat!
At any rate, it was
amazing the way Guts fought.
Just as Griffith
expected, he has what it takes.
By the way, Guts
is nowhere to be found.
Despite his age...
...Griffith has the
qualities of a great leader...
...and the others
rely on him completely.
Besides that, he's
got perfect judgment...
...and he knows how
to take decisive action...
He's more than just the
leader of a mercenary band...
Mr. Guts...
What are you doing?
Are you cooling off up here?
Thanks for your help before.
I narrowly escaped because of you.
I'm Ricket.
I really admire you.
I have never seen anyone who is...
...such an amazing
fighter, except for Mr. Griffith.
I have done nothing but my duty.
I have no reason to be thanked.
The same thing goes for you.
Well, I'm not going to
argue with you about it.
Anyway, come with us.
A party isn't as lively without the hero.
A feast is being held,
partly as a welcome.
I-I never asked for anything like that!
W-What are you doing?
Don't touch me!
Don't be shy.
L-Let go of me!
Hey, here he comes.
P-Put me down,
you big-headed bastard!
I am Pippin.
Y-You.
Drink.
Everyone!
Let's drink in celebration
of our brash new friend!
I give you real credit, rookie!
You're pretty impressive!
You cut off the enemy's attack all
by yourself, even when outnumbered!
As Griffith thought,
you have what it takes!
You're a little messed up, but I
feel better knowing you're with us!
Let's kick back, rookie!
That bastard...
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
In this world...
...there is time that one
is forever unable to retrieve.
In pursuit for forgiveness,
one is destined to atone...
...by living through agony
and letting time slip away.
The sorrow in the furthest
reaches of one's memory...
The sorrow just
beyond one's memory...
Which is more heartbreaking?
The Hand of God
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org